airplane.txt: Word Count = 55, Average Words per Sentence = 5.00, Average Characters per Word = 3.29, 
alphabet_song.txt: Word Count = 49, Average Words per Sentence = 4.90, Average Characters per Word = 3.37, 
always_eating.txt: Word Count = 145, Average Words per Sentence = 6.59, Average Characters per Word = 3.50, 
angry_parent.txt: Word Count = 97, Average Words per Sentence = 6.93, Average Characters per Word = 3.67, 
animal_shelter.txt: Word Count = 52, Average Words per Sentence = 5.20, Average Characters per Word = 2.98, 
an_airport_departures_board.txt: Word Count = 73, Average Words per Sentence = 73.00, Average Characters per Word = 4.58, 
an_application_form.txt: Word Count = 81, Average Words per Sentence = 27.00, Average Characters per Word = 4.98, 
an_email_to_book_a_hotel.txt: Word Count = 125, Average Words per Sentence = 13.89, Average Characters per Word = 4.18, 
an_email_to_confirm_an_appointment.txt: Word Count = 98, Average Words per Sentence = 14.00, Average Characters per Word = 4.14, 
an_email_to_congratulate_a_colleague.txt: Word Count = 96, Average Words per Sentence = 9.60, Average Characters per Word = 4.02, 
apple_for_the_teacher.txt: Word Count = 117, Average Words per Sentence = 7.31, Average Characters per Word = 3.71, 
asking_for_donation.txt: Word Count = 130, Average Words per Sentence = 7.22, Average Characters per Word = 3.51, 
a_bad_roommate.txt: Word Count = 132, Average Words per Sentence = 6.29, Average Characters per Word = 3.16, 
a_barking_dog.txt: Word Count = 99, Average Words per Sentence = 7.07, Average Characters per Word = 3.38, 
a_beautiful_jacket.txt: Word Count = 149, Average Words per Sentence = 6.21, Average Characters per Word = 3.29, 
a_famous_painter.txt: Word Count = 134, Average Words per Sentence = 7.44, Average Characters per Word = 4.07, 
a_fast_driver.txt: Word Count = 121, Average Words per Sentence = 7.12, Average Characters per Word = 3.46, 
a_funny_story.txt: Word Count = 101, Average Words per Sentence = 8.42, Average Characters per Word = 3.95, 
a_good_boy.txt: Word Count = 122, Average Words per Sentence = 8.71, Average Characters per Word = 3.50, 
a_long_life.txt: Word Count = 109, Average Words per Sentence = 8.38, Average Characters per Word = 3.35, 
a_lot_of_cash.txt: Word Count = 145, Average Words per Sentence = 6.30, Average Characters per Word = 3.39, 
a_message_to_say_youre_late.txt: Word Count = 117, Average Words per Sentence = 8.36, Average Characters per Word = 3.15, 
a_new_car.txt: Word Count = 134, Average Words per Sentence = 7.44, Average Characters per Word = 3.07, 
a_new_name.txt: Word Count = 121, Average Words per Sentence = 8.07, Average Characters per Word = 3.44, 
a_noticeboard_message.txt: Word Count = 54, Average Words per Sentence = 9.00, Average Characters per Word = 4.61, 
a_patient_mom.txt: Word Count = 144, Average Words per Sentence = 5.76, Average Characters per Word = 3.36, 
a_place_to_eat.txt: Word Count = 120, Average Words per Sentence = 7.50, Average Characters per Word = 3.66, 
a_poster_at_work.txt: Word Count = 73, Average Words per Sentence = 7.30, Average Characters per Word = 4.04, 
a_poster_for_exam_candidates.txt: Word Count = 117, Average Words per Sentence = 8.36, Average Characters per Word = 3.88, 
a_restaurant_menu.txt: Word Count = 125, Average Words per Sentence = 125.00, Average Characters per Word = 4.95, 
a_shot_in_the_arm.txt: Word Count = 114, Average Words per Sentence = 6.33, Average Characters per Word = 3.30, 
a_storm.txt: Word Count = 119, Average Words per Sentence = 6.61, Average Characters per Word = 3.45, 
a_summer_job.txt: Word Count = 119, Average Words per Sentence = 6.61, Average Characters per Word = 3.41, 
a_text_message_invitation.txt: Word Count = 89, Average Words per Sentence = 6.85, Average Characters per Word = 3.25, 
a_thank_you_email.txt: Word Count = 120, Average Words per Sentence = 10.91, Average Characters per Word = 3.60, 
baby_brother.txt: Word Count = 54, Average Words per Sentence = 4.50, Average Characters per Word = 3.02, 
baby_sister.txt: Word Count = 65, Average Words per Sentence = 4.64, Average Characters per Word = 3.12, 
bad_babysitter.txt: Word Count = 143, Average Words per Sentence = 7.15, Average Characters per Word = 3.52, 
bad_boy.txt: Word Count = 127, Average Words per Sentence = 7.06, Average Characters per Word = 3.44, 
baking_a_cake.txt: Word Count = 44, Average Words per Sentence = 4.89, Average Characters per Word = 3.32, 
ballpark.txt: Word Count = 66, Average Words per Sentence = 5.50, Average Characters per Word = 3.03, 
barely_late.txt: Word Count = 115, Average Words per Sentence = 7.67, Average Characters per Word = 3.75, 
believe_the_chief.txt: Word Count = 148, Average Words per Sentence = 6.17, Average Characters per Word = 3.77, 
be_quiet.txt: Word Count = 109, Average Words per Sentence = 7.27, Average Characters per Word = 3.31, 
birthday_card.txt: Word Count = 118, Average Words per Sentence = 9.08, Average Characters per Word = 3.39, 
boat_ride.txt: Word Count = 58, Average Words per Sentence = 4.83, Average Characters per Word = 2.91, 
borrowing_class_notes.txt: Word Count = 104, Average Words per Sentence = 6.50, Average Characters per Word = 3.50, 
borrow_money.txt: Word Count = 136, Average Words per Sentence = 9.07, Average Characters per Word = 3.53, 
brush_with_god.txt: Word Count = 147, Average Words per Sentence = 6.12, Average Characters per Word = 3.42, 
bug_lover.txt: Word Count = 133, Average Words per Sentence = 8.31, Average Characters per Word = 3.29, 
burned_up.txt: Word Count = 138, Average Words per Sentence = 9.86, Average Characters per Word = 3.68, 
business_cards.txt: Word Count = 86, Average Words per Sentence = 86.00, Average Characters per Word = 6.19, 
bus_to_school.txt: Word Count = 58, Average Words per Sentence = 4.46, Average Characters per Word = 3.05, 
buying_textbooks.txt: Word Count = 105, Average Words per Sentence = 8.75, Average Characters per Word = 3.87, 
calling_a_friend.txt: Word Count = 135, Average Words per Sentence = 6.75, Average Characters per Word = 3.10, 
calling_the_roll.txt: Word Count = 55, Average Words per Sentence = 6.88, Average Characters per Word = 3.38, 
call_you_at_7.txt: Word Count = 123, Average Words per Sentence = 9.46, Average Characters per Word = 3.65, 
cancer.txt: Word Count = 119, Average Words per Sentence = 7.00, Average Characters per Word = 3.75, 
catching_fish.txt: Word Count = 53, Average Words per Sentence = 4.08, Average Characters per Word = 2.66, 
changing_the_subject.txt: Word Count = 125, Average Words per Sentence = 7.35, Average Characters per Word = 3.46, 
checking_books_for_damage.txt: Word Count = 97, Average Words per Sentence = 8.08, Average Characters per Word = 3.18, 
checking_out_a_book.txt: Word Count = 113, Average Words per Sentence = 5.95, Average Characters per Word = 3.43, 
checking_out_a_magazine.txt: Word Count = 119, Average Words per Sentence = 7.00, Average Characters per Word = 3.66, 
checking_out_a_video.txt: Word Count = 100, Average Words per Sentence = 8.33, Average Characters per Word = 3.27, 
chicken_soup.txt: Word Count = 120, Average Words per Sentence = 7.50, Average Characters per Word = 3.59, 
chocolate_cake.txt: Word Count = 49, Average Words per Sentence = 4.45, Average Characters per Word = 2.90, 
chores.txt: Word Count = 62, Average Words per Sentence = 6.20, Average Characters per Word = 3.18, 
christmas_morning.txt: Word Count = 62, Average Words per Sentence = 4.77, Average Characters per Word = 3.16, 
christmas_time.txt: Word Count = 61, Average Words per Sentence = 5.08, Average Characters per Word = 2.82, 
christmas_tree.txt: Word Count = 63, Average Words per Sentence = 6.30, Average Characters per Word = 3.19, 
circus_clowns.txt: Word Count = 138, Average Words per Sentence = 6.57, Average Characters per Word = 3.49, 
cleaning_up_the_room.txt: Word Count = 97, Average Words per Sentence = 6.06, Average Characters per Word = 3.41, 
clean_car.txt: Word Count = 143, Average Words per Sentence = 7.15, Average Characters per Word = 3.51, 
climbing_a_tree.txt: Word Count = 51, Average Words per Sentence = 3.92, Average Characters per Word = 3.00, 
cold_weather.txt: Word Count = 119, Average Words per Sentence = 5.67, Average Characters per Word = 3.32, 
cold_winter.txt: Word Count = 149, Average Words per Sentence = 6.77, Average Characters per Word = 3.58, 
collect_coins.txt: Word Count = 121, Average Words per Sentence = 6.37, Average Characters per Word = 3.50, 
compliment.txt: Word Count = 127, Average Words per Sentence = 7.06, Average Characters per Word = 3.17, 
computer_limit.txt: Word Count = 126, Average Words per Sentence = 7.00, Average Characters per Word = 3.50, 
cooking_diiner.txt: Word Count = 101, Average Words per Sentence = 6.31, Average Characters per Word = 3.53, 
copycat.txt: Word Count = 146, Average Words per Sentence = 6.95, Average Characters per Word = 3.10, 
county_fair.txt: Word Count = 54, Average Words per Sentence = 4.91, Average Characters per Word = 2.96, 
delivery.txt: Word Count = 142, Average Words per Sentence = 7.10, Average Characters per Word = 3.33, 
describing_people_.txt: Word Count = 153, Average Words per Sentence = 6.12, Average Characters per Word = 3.47, 
dictionary_definitions.txt: Word Count = 165, Average Words per Sentence = 23.57, Average Characters per Word = 4.22, 
dont_pick_up_the_trash.txt: Word Count = 142, Average Words per Sentence = 7.89, Average Characters per Word = 3.85, 
drain_opener.txt: Word Count = 120, Average Words per Sentence = 7.06, Average Characters per Word = 3.62, 
driving_to_school.txt: Word Count = 53, Average Words per Sentence = 5.30, Average Characters per Word = 3.15, 
drunk_driver.txt: Word Count = 132, Average Words per Sentence = 6.95, Average Characters per Word = 3.33, 
early_morning_class.txt: Word Count = 114, Average Words per Sentence = 8.14, Average Characters per Word = 3.27, 
earthquake.txt: Word Count = 143, Average Words per Sentence = 5.96, Average Characters per Word = 3.58, 
eat_a_peanut.txt: Word Count = 138, Average Words per Sentence = 8.12, Average Characters per Word = 3.71, 
eat_like_a_wolf.txt: Word Count = 143, Average Words per Sentence = 5.72, Average Characters per Word = 3.17, 
eight_babies.txt: Word Count = 123, Average Words per Sentence = 8.20, Average Characters per Word = 3.46, 
emails_about_studying_in_the_uk.txt: Word Count = 187, Average Words per Sentence = 13.36, Average Characters per Word = 4.50, 
ending_a_conversation.txt: Word Count = 136, Average Words per Sentence = 8.00, Average Characters per Word = 3.31, 
excited_to_sleep.txt: Word Count = 64, Average Words per Sentence = 7.11, Average Characters per Word = 3.17, 
expressing_concern.txt: Word Count = 122, Average Words per Sentence = 6.10, Average Characters per Word = 3.47, 
expressing_joy.txt: Word Count = 116, Average Words per Sentence = 6.11, Average Characters per Word = 3.14, 
favourite_colour.txt: Word Count = 57, Average Words per Sentence = 4.38, Average Characters per Word = 3.16, 
feeding_my_dog.txt: Word Count = 53, Average Words per Sentence = 4.82, Average Characters per Word = 2.98, 
feeling_sick.txt: Word Count = 51, Average Words per Sentence = 5.10, Average Characters per Word = 3.10, 
field_trip_day.txt: Word Count = 57, Average Words per Sentence = 5.70, Average Characters per Word = 3.35, 
finding_the_classroom.txt: Word Count = 88, Average Words per Sentence = 6.29, Average Characters per Word = 3.44, 
fingerpainting.txt: Word Count = 60, Average Words per Sentence = 4.62, Average Characters per Word = 2.88, 
first_flight.txt: Word Count = 56, Average Words per Sentence = 5.60, Average Characters per Word = 3.05, 
forgotten_id.txt: Word Count = 113, Average Words per Sentence = 8.07, Average Characters per Word = 3.46, 
fresh_fish.txt: Word Count = 133, Average Words per Sentence = 8.31, Average Characters per Word = 3.20, 
fun_at_the_beach.txt: Word Count = 144, Average Words per Sentence = 6.26, Average Characters per Word = 3.43, 
girl_fight.txt: Word Count = 119, Average Words per Sentence = 6.26, Average Characters per Word = 3.71, 
going_fishing.txt: Word Count = 47, Average Words per Sentence = 4.70, Average Characters per Word = 2.96, 
going_to_play.txt: Word Count = 60, Average Words per Sentence = 7.50, Average Characters per Word = 3.33, 
going_to_the_park.txt: Word Count = 52, Average Words per Sentence = 5.78, Average Characters per Word = 3.29, 
going_to_the_zoo.txt: Word Count = 60, Average Words per Sentence = 5.45, Average Characters per Word = 3.22, 
good_teacher.txt: Word Count = 109, Average Words per Sentence = 6.41, Average Characters per Word = 3.91, 
go_for_a_ride.txt: Word Count = 49, Average Words per Sentence = 4.45, Average Characters per Word = 2.94, 
go_to_the_bathroom.txt: Word Count = 57, Average Words per Sentence = 6.33, Average Characters per Word = 2.86, 
go_to_work.txt: Word Count = 125, Average Words per Sentence = 7.35, Average Characters per Word = 3.42, 
go_to_your_room.txt: Word Count = 139, Average Words per Sentence = 8.69, Average Characters per Word = 3.10, 
greetings_1.txt: Word Count = 120, Average Words per Sentence = 6.00, Average Characters per Word = 3.56, 
greetings_2.txt: Word Count = 132, Average Words per Sentence = 6.60, Average Characters per Word = 3.30, 
helping_dad.txt: Word Count = 50, Average Words per Sentence = 5.00, Average Characters per Word = 2.76, 
help_him_die.txt: Word Count = 146, Average Words per Sentence = 6.95, Average Characters per Word = 3.39, 
he_will_work_for_gas.txt: Word Count = 149, Average Words per Sentence = 6.48, Average Characters per Word = 3.05, 
hide_and_seek.txt: Word Count = 57, Average Words per Sentence = 5.70, Average Characters per Word = 3.02, 
his_leg_hurts.txt: Word Count = 133, Average Words per Sentence = 7.39, Average Characters per Word = 3.18, 
his_new_book.txt: Word Count = 107, Average Words per Sentence = 7.64, Average Characters per Word = 3.63, 
his_red_bike.txt: Word Count = 128, Average Words per Sentence = 8.00, Average Characters per Word = 3.27, 
hole_in_the_wall.txt: Word Count = 147, Average Words per Sentence = 8.17, Average Characters per Word = 3.29, 
holiday_home_adverts.txt: Word Count = 179, Average Words per Sentence = 14.92, Average Characters per Word = 4.21, 
homework.txt: Word Count = 53, Average Words per Sentence = 4.42, Average Characters per Word = 3.34, 
honest_student.txt: Word Count = 98, Average Words per Sentence = 5.44, Average Characters per Word = 3.34, 
hoody.txt: Word Count = 145, Average Words per Sentence = 6.59, Average Characters per Word = 3.50, 
hot_day.txt: Word Count = 62, Average Words per Sentence = 5.17, Average Characters per Word = 3.08, 
house_prices.txt: Word Count = 146, Average Words per Sentence = 6.95, Average Characters per Word = 3.43, 
how_rude.txt: Word Count = 126, Average Words per Sentence = 8.40, Average Characters per Word = 3.72, 
hungry_birds.txt: Word Count = 113, Average Words per Sentence = 6.65, Average Characters per Word = 3.48, 
instructions_for_a_colleague.txt: Word Count = 112, Average Words per Sentence = 16.00, Average Characters per Word = 3.90, 
invitation.txt: Word Count = 143, Average Words per Sentence = 7.15, Average Characters per Word = 3.34, 
in_love.txt: Word Count = 113, Average Words per Sentence = 7.06, Average Characters per Word = 3.59, 
in_need_of_a_counsellor.txt: Word Count = 104, Average Words per Sentence = 7.43, Average Characters per Word = 3.41, 
i_want_all_of_them.txt: Word Count = 135, Average Words per Sentence = 7.50, Average Characters per Word = 3.79, 
job_adverts.txt: Word Count = 186, Average Words per Sentence = 10.33, Average Characters per Word = 4.48, 
job_training.txt: Word Count = 144, Average Words per Sentence = 7.58, Average Characters per Word = 3.52, 
late_homework.txt: Word Count = 109, Average Words per Sentence = 6.41, Average Characters per Word = 3.07, 
lazy_dog.txt: Word Count = 149, Average Words per Sentence = 5.73, Average Characters per Word = 3.03, 
learn_to_swim.txt: Word Count = 146, Average Words per Sentence = 6.64, Average Characters per Word = 3.40, 
leave_taking.txt: Word Count = 127, Average Words per Sentence = 8.47, Average Characters per Word = 3.35, 
leaving_school.txt: Word Count = 107, Average Words per Sentence = 5.94, Average Characters per Word = 3.27, 
leisure_activities.txt: Word Count = 133, Average Words per Sentence = 7.39, Average Characters per Word = 3.14, 
lets_play_a_game.txt: Word Count = 68, Average Words per Sentence = 4.86, Average Characters per Word = 3.00, 
letter_to_mark.txt: Word Count = 133, Average Words per Sentence = 9.50, Average Characters per Word = 3.58, 
let_me_drive.txt: Word Count = 132, Average Words per Sentence = 7.33, Average Characters per Word = 3.64, 
library_restroom.txt: Word Count = 124, Average Words per Sentence = 6.89, Average Characters per Word = 3.46, 
losing_weight.txt: Word Count = 126, Average Words per Sentence = 7.41, Average Characters per Word = 3.43, 
lost_and_found.txt: Word Count = 145, Average Words per Sentence = 6.90, Average Characters per Word = 3.66, 
lost_pencil.txt: Word Count = 130, Average Words per Sentence = 6.50, Average Characters per Word = 3.56, 
loud_radio.txt: Word Count = 123, Average Words per Sentence = 8.79, Average Characters per Word = 3.47, 
lulus_letter.txt: Word Count = 119, Average Words per Sentence = 7.93, Average Characters per Word = 3.34, 
lunch.txt: Word Count = 63, Average Words per Sentence = 5.25, Average Characters per Word = 3.14, 
machine_problems.txt: Word Count = 95, Average Words per Sentence = 6.33, Average Characters per Word = 3.47, 
making_an_appointment.txt: Word Count = 96, Average Words per Sentence = 6.00, Average Characters per Word = 3.41, 
making_inquiries.txt: Word Count = 121, Average Words per Sentence = 7.56, Average Characters per Word = 3.67, 
many_problems.txt: Word Count = 150, Average Words per Sentence = 6.82, Average Characters per Word = 3.57, 
marriage_is_the_end.txt: Word Count = 328, Average Words per Sentence = 10.93, Average Characters per Word = 3.93, 
mean_boyfriend.txt: Word Count = 150, Average Words per Sentence = 7.14, Average Characters per Word = 3.33, 
meeting_a_teacher.txt: Word Count = 107, Average Words per Sentence = 7.13, Average Characters per Word = 3.67, 
meet_halfway.txt: Word Count = 143, Average Words per Sentence = 7.94, Average Characters per Word = 3.31, 
merry_go_round.txt: Word Count = 58, Average Words per Sentence = 3.62, Average Characters per Word = 2.78, 
money_in_the_bank.txt: Word Count = 129, Average Words per Sentence = 8.60, Average Characters per Word = 3.58, 
mountain_drive.txt: Word Count = 147, Average Words per Sentence = 7.74, Average Characters per Word = 3.41, 
my_day.txt: Word Count = 117, Average Words per Sentence = 5.85, Average Characters per Word = 2.68, 
my_name_is_john.txt: Word Count = 179, Average Words per Sentence = 7.46, Average Characters per Word = 3.53, 
my_wonderful_family.txt: Word Count = 159, Average Words per Sentence = 9.94, Average Characters per Word = 3.58, 
news_every_day.txt: Word Count = 124, Average Words per Sentence = 7.29, Average Characters per Word = 3.60, 
new_friends.txt: Word Count = 62, Average Words per Sentence = 4.13, Average Characters per Word = 2.87, 
new_hair_colour.txt: Word Count = 137, Average Words per Sentence = 8.06, Average Characters per Word = 3.75, 
new_pet_store.txt: Word Count = 144, Average Words per Sentence = 6.55, Average Characters per Word = 3.35, 
new_shoes.txt: Word Count = 115, Average Words per Sentence = 8.21, Average Characters per Word = 3.53, 
notes_at_work.txt: Word Count = 57, Average Words per Sentence = 11.40, Average Characters per Word = 3.89, 
not_the_money.txt: Word Count = 132, Average Words per Sentence = 7.33, Average Characters per Word = 3.66, 
no_energy.txt: Word Count = 132, Average Words per Sentence = 7.76, Average Characters per Word = 3.44, 
no_flu_shot.txt: Word Count = 138, Average Words per Sentence = 8.12, Average Characters per Word = 3.14, 
no_job.txt: Word Count = 125, Average Words per Sentence = 6.94, Average Characters per Word = 3.28, 
no_more_apartment.txt: Word Count = 130, Average Words per Sentence = 8.12, Average Characters per Word = 3.22, 
no_school_today.txt: Word Count = 47, Average Words per Sentence = 3.92, Average Characters per Word = 3.23, 
online_course_introductions.txt: Word Count = 171, Average Words per Sentence = 10.06, Average Characters per Word = 3.58, 
operating_a_dryer.txt: Word Count = 103, Average Words per Sentence = 7.36, Average Characters per Word = 3.61, 
our_vacation.txt: Word Count = 131, Average Words per Sentence = 8.73, Average Characters per Word = 3.37, 
pattys_doll.txt: Word Count = 130, Average Words per Sentence = 6.50, Average Characters per Word = 3.32, 
paying_for_a_service.txt: Word Count = 87, Average Words per Sentence = 7.91, Average Characters per Word = 3.55, 
pay_attention.txt: Word Count = 51, Average Words per Sentence = 5.67, Average Characters per Word = 3.24, 
people_at_the_printer.txt: Word Count = 96, Average Words per Sentence = 6.86, Average Characters per Word = 3.22, 
piano_player_2.txt: Word Count = 140, Average Words per Sentence = 8.75, Average Characters per Word = 3.47, 
picking_a_movie.txt: Word Count = 56, Average Words per Sentence = 6.22, Average Characters per Word = 3.20, 
picking_fruit_from_a_tree.txt: Word Count = 51, Average Words per Sentence = 4.64, Average Characters per Word = 3.29, 
piece_of_paper.txt: Word Count = 112, Average Words per Sentence = 8.62, Average Characters per Word = 3.28, 
playground.txt: Word Count = 54, Average Words per Sentence = 4.91, Average Characters per Word = 3.33, 
playing_in_the_pool.txt: Word Count = 43, Average Words per Sentence = 4.78, Average Characters per Word = 2.79, 
playing_with_a_friend.txt: Word Count = 57, Average Words per Sentence = 4.75, Average Characters per Word = 2.86, 
playing_with_my_brother.txt: Word Count = 49, Average Words per Sentence = 4.08, Average Characters per Word = 3.33, 
poor_dog.txt: Word Count = 138, Average Words per Sentence = 8.62, Average Characters per Word = 3.14, 
post_graduate_plans.txt: Word Count = 117, Average Words per Sentence = 7.80, Average Characters per Word = 3.72, 
preparing_food.txt: Word Count = 185, Average Words per Sentence = 6.85, Average Characters per Word = 3.49, 
rain.txt: Word Count = 148, Average Words per Sentence = 6.17, Average Characters per Word = 3.59, 
raise_your_hand.txt: Word Count = 52, Average Words per Sentence = 4.73, Average Characters per Word = 3.33, 
read_together.txt: Word Count = 48, Average Words per Sentence = 3.69, Average Characters per Word = 2.77, 
receiving_visitors.txt: Word Count = 120, Average Words per Sentence = 6.32, Average Characters per Word = 3.57, 
recess.txt: Word Count = 53, Average Words per Sentence = 4.08, Average Characters per Word = 3.08, 
red_rubber_ball.txt: Word Count = 103, Average Words per Sentence = 6.44, Average Characters per Word = 3.27, 
red_spots.txt: Word Count = 131, Average Words per Sentence = 7.28, Average Characters per Word = 3.65, 
red_white_and_blue.txt: Word Count = 102, Average Words per Sentence = 6.80, Average Characters per Word = 3.33, 
reference_books.txt: Word Count = 99, Average Words per Sentence = 7.07, Average Characters per Word = 3.37, 
reporting_a_service_problem.txt: Word Count = 113, Average Words per Sentence = 7.06, Average Characters per Word = 3.84, 
reserving_a_book.txt: Word Count = 112, Average Words per Sentence = 8.00, Average Characters per Word = 3.55, 
returning_a_call.txt: Word Count = 99, Average Words per Sentence = 6.19, Average Characters per Word = 3.73, 
rose_queen.txt: Word Count = 147, Average Words per Sentence = 8.17, Average Characters per Word = 3.73, 
row_your_boat.txt: Word Count = 104, Average Words per Sentence = 9.45, Average Characters per Word = 3.76, 
sallys_cold.txt: Word Count = 129, Average Words per Sentence = 7.59, Average Characters per Word = 3.52, 
seatbelts.txt: Word Count = 53, Average Words per Sentence = 4.82, Average Characters per Word = 2.91, 
seeing_the_dentist.txt: Word Count = 55, Average Words per Sentence = 6.11, Average Characters per Word = 3.00, 
sharing_news.txt: Word Count = 108, Average Words per Sentence = 6.00, Average Characters per Word = 3.32, 
she_goes_out_to_the_nurse.txt: Word Count = 68, Average Words per Sentence = 4.86, Average Characters per Word = 3.21, 
short_girl.txt: Word Count = 118, Average Words per Sentence = 7.87, Average Characters per Word = 3.51, 
sleeping_in_a_tent.txt: Word Count = 53, Average Words per Sentence = 4.42, Average Characters per Word = 3.30, 
sleep_in.txt: Word Count = 148, Average Words per Sentence = 6.43, Average Characters per Word = 3.48, 
sleep_in_the_car.txt: Word Count = 134, Average Words per Sentence = 7.44, Average Characters per Word = 3.40, 
speak_english.txt: Word Count = 147, Average Words per Sentence = 6.68, Average Characters per Word = 3.99, 
special_library.txt: Word Count = 125, Average Words per Sentence = 8.33, Average Characters per Word = 3.63, 
sports_1.txt: Word Count = 115, Average Words per Sentence = 6.05, Average Characters per Word = 3.36, 
sports_2.txt: Word Count = 113, Average Words per Sentence = 7.06, Average Characters per Word = 3.37, 
sports_3.txt: Word Count = 143, Average Words per Sentence = 8.41, Average Characters per Word = 3.68, 
starving_artists.txt: Word Count = 147, Average Words per Sentence = 6.39, Average Characters per Word = 4.03, 
steal_a_wheelchair.txt: Word Count = 130, Average Words per Sentence = 6.84, Average Characters per Word = 3.84, 
stranger.txt: Word Count = 144, Average Words per Sentence = 6.86, Average Characters per Word = 3.56, 
student_card_application.txt: Word Count = 89, Average Words per Sentence = 22.25, Average Characters per Word = 4.53, 
studying_abroad.txt: Word Count = 81, Average Words per Sentence = 6.23, Average Characters per Word = 3.90, 
studying_at_the_library.txt: Word Count = 94, Average Words per Sentence = 7.83, Average Characters per Word = 3.35, 
swimming_lessons.txt: Word Count = 51, Average Words per Sentence = 4.64, Average Characters per Word = 3.24, 
swimming_pool.txt: Word Count = 121, Average Words per Sentence = 6.72, Average Characters per Word = 3.39, 
swine_flu.txt: Word Count = 139, Average Words per Sentence = 7.32, Average Characters per Word = 3.71, 
taking_a_test.txt: Word Count = 47, Average Words per Sentence = 4.27, Average Characters per Word = 3.28, 
taking_out_the_trash.txt: Word Count = 61, Average Words per Sentence = 4.07, Average Characters per Word = 3.00, 
ten_pushups.txt: Word Count = 144, Average Words per Sentence = 6.26, Average Characters per Word = 3.66, 
text_messages_to_a_friend.txt: Word Count = 149, Average Words per Sentence = 4.97, Average Characters per Word = 3.12, 
they_fly_so_well.txt: Word Count = 139, Average Words per Sentence = 6.04, Average Characters per Word = 3.42, 
they_took_a_nap.txt: Word Count = 146, Average Words per Sentence = 7.68, Average Characters per Word = 3.44, 
they_want_a_baby.txt: Word Count = 144, Average Words per Sentence = 6.86, Average Characters per Word = 3.19, 
the_farm.txt: Word Count = 117, Average Words per Sentence = 7.80, Average Characters per Word = 3.44, 
the_homeless_man.txt: Word Count = 147, Average Words per Sentence = 5.65, Average Characters per Word = 3.14, 
the_house.txt: Word Count = 121, Average Words per Sentence = 7.12, Average Characters per Word = 3.54, 
the_man_in_the_moon.txt: Word Count = 148, Average Words per Sentence = 6.73, Average Characters per Word = 3.26, 
the_mayor_is_late.txt: Word Count = 147, Average Words per Sentence = 6.68, Average Characters per Word = 3.27, 
the_movies.txt: Word Count = 55, Average Words per Sentence = 5.50, Average Characters per Word = 3.27, 
the_shoe_shine.txt: Word Count = 129, Average Words per Sentence = 7.59, Average Characters per Word = 3.33, 
the_swimmer.txt: Word Count = 125, Average Words per Sentence = 7.35, Average Characters per Word = 3.46, 
the_teacher.txt: Word Count = 138, Average Words per Sentence = 6.90, Average Characters per Word = 3.81, 
thin_man.txt: Word Count = 110, Average Words per Sentence = 7.33, Average Characters per Word = 3.45, 
tiger_books.txt: Word Count = 122, Average Words per Sentence = 8.13, Average Characters per Word = 3.48, 
time_for_dinner.txt: Word Count = 50, Average Words per Sentence = 4.17, Average Characters per Word = 3.10, 
time_to_do_your_laundry.txt: Word Count = 101, Average Words per Sentence = 7.21, Average Characters per Word = 3.79, 
time_to_get_up.txt: Word Count = 70, Average Words per Sentence = 4.67, Average Characters per Word = 3.04, 
too_many_prisoners.txt: Word Count = 142, Average Words per Sentence = 7.89, Average Characters per Word = 3.94, 
too_much_stuff.txt: Word Count = 134, Average Words per Sentence = 8.38, Average Characters per Word = 3.24, 
trash_day.txt: Word Count = 119, Average Words per Sentence = 9.15, Average Characters per Word = 3.63, 
troubleshooting.txt: Word Count = 100, Average Words per Sentence = 7.69, Average Characters per Word = 3.53, 
trust_god.txt: Word Count = 125, Average Words per Sentence = 6.94, Average Characters per Word = 3.38, 
try_to_sleep.txt: Word Count = 111, Average Words per Sentence = 5.55, Average Characters per Word = 3.33, 
use_soap.txt: Word Count = 129, Average Words per Sentence = 7.17, Average Characters per Word = 3.53, 
using_the_library.txt: Word Count = 58, Average Words per Sentence = 5.80, Average Characters per Word = 3.31, 
waiting.txt: Word Count = 60, Average Words per Sentence = 5.45, Average Characters per Word = 3.45, 
wants_to_die.txt: Word Count = 119, Average Words per Sentence = 6.61, Average Characters per Word = 3.36, 
want_a_cat.txt: Word Count = 63, Average Words per Sentence = 5.25, Average Characters per Word = 2.79, 
washing_her_hands.txt: Word Count = 106, Average Words per Sentence = 7.57, Average Characters per Word = 3.51, 
wash_the_clothes.txt: Word Count = 125, Average Words per Sentence = 10.42, Average Characters per Word = 3.40, 
weather_1.txt: Word Count = 96, Average Words per Sentence = 7.38, Average Characters per Word = 3.46, 
weather_3.txt: Word Count = 135, Average Words per Sentence = 6.75, Average Characters per Word = 3.62, 
whats_behind_the_door.txt: Word Count = 124, Average Words per Sentence = 6.89, Average Characters per Word = 3.57, 
wheres_my_flu_shot.txt: Word Count = 138, Average Words per Sentence = 8.62, Average Characters per Word = 3.59, 
wheres_my_money.txt: Word Count = 145, Average Words per Sentence = 8.53, Average Characters per Word = 3.17, 
where_did_she_go.txt: Word Count = 145, Average Words per Sentence = 7.63, Average Characters per Word = 3.86, 
whos_there.txt: Word Count = 146, Average Words per Sentence = 6.35, Average Characters per Word = 3.41, 
who_is_it.txt: Word Count = 123, Average Words per Sentence = 7.69, Average Characters per Word = 3.59, 
wild_cat.txt: Word Count = 132, Average Words per Sentence = 6.60, Average Characters per Word = 3.21, 
work_work.txt: Word Count = 122, Average Words per Sentence = 7.18, Average Characters per Word = 3.39, 
write_a_letter.txt: Word Count = 122, Average Words per Sentence = 8.13, Average Characters per Word = 3.34, 
yellow_corn.txt: Word Count = 123, Average Words per Sentence = 7.69, Average Characters per Word = 3.52, 
you_want_it_or_not.txt: Word Count = 141, Average Words per Sentence = 8.29, Average Characters per Word = 3.14
